Department of Geography and Human Environment, School of Geoscience, Tel Aviv University
Established in 1966, TAU Department of Geography and Human Environment (DGHE), is a leader in research and education in Geosciences. Teaching and research are inherently interdisciplinary integrating the humanities, natural and social sciences. Students are provided with basic and advanced training through studies in a broad historical and cultural context covering theoretical and applied aspects of Geography together with essential laboratory and practical work, allowing them to develop a wide variety of individual specializations in a wide spectrum of topics including: social geography, urban planning, spatial modeling, GIS, remote sensing, climatology and geohydrology.
Small by design, DGHE punches above its weight, in Israel and internationally. Ten academic staff members cooperate closely in research and student supervision, publish regularly in books and leading international journals (30-40 peer reviewed papers annually), organize national and international conferences, participate in editorial boards and enjoy a good reputation internationally. DGHE has been awarded numerous research grants, including Israel Science Foundation (ISF), German Israel Foundation (GIF) and EU-FP7 awards (EO–MINERS, EUFAR, ENSURE). Four members were awarded the prestigious Israel Prize for distinction in scholarship and research. 
特拉维夫大学 地球科学学院地理与人文环境系
特拉维夫大学的地球科学学院地理与人文环境系成立于1966年，在地球科学的科研和教学中处于领先地位。院系的教学和科研正在从根本上融合人文科学、自然科学和社会科学。通过广泛的历史文化背景下的理论研究、在地理基础实验室里的应用和实习，院系为学生提供了基础的和高级的训练，这使他们在广阔的领域中学习多种专业知识，包括社会地理学、城市规划、空间建模、GIS、遥感、气候与水文。
Small by design, DGHE punches above its weight, in Israel and internationally. 十名学术人员在研究和学生监督方面密切合作，定期在书籍和主要国际期刊上发表论文（每年30-40篇同行评议论文），组织全国和国际会议，参加编辑委员会，在国际上享有良好声誉。DGHE获得过许多科研资助，包括以色列科学基金会（ISF）、德国以色列基金（GIF）和EU-FP7奖（EO–MINERS, EUFAR, ENSURE）。四名成员被授予以色列著名奖学金和研究奖。

Dr. Zhou Huang is Associate Professor of GIScience at the Institute of Remote Sensing and Geographical Information Systems, Peking University. He received the BSc degree in GIS and the Ph.D. degree in Cartography and GIS from Peking University, China, in 2004 and 2009, respectively. Currently, his main research interests include big geo-data, high-performance geocomputation, distributed geographic information processing, spatial data mining, and spatial database. He has published more than 50 academic papers in international journals or conferences, including IJGIS, IJDE, and Computers and Geosciences. In addition, Zhou Huang was selected for the Youth Talent Innovation Plan in Remote Sensing Science and Technology in 2015, funded by the Ministry of Science and Technology of China.

黄舟博士是北京大学遥感与地理信息系统研究所的地理信息科学方向的副教授，于2004年获得北京大学地理信息系统理学学士学位、2009年获得北京大学地图学与地理信息系统专业lixue 博士学位。目前，他的主要研究方向包括空间大数据、高性能计算、分布式地理信息处理、空间数据挖掘、空间数据库。他在国际期刊和会议（包括IJGIS、IJDE、Computers和Geosciences）上发表了超过50篇学术论文。此外，黄舟于2015年被选入由中国科学技术部资助的遥感青年科技人才创新资助计划。
